Note:
	All energy weapons have a core. The color of it's bolt corresponds with it's crystal color.
	AI is expensive, so armies tend to not use AI to replace infantry.



Crystals and metals:
	Crystals:
		Mrokek (Unstable, glowing blue crystal with dark spots, used for weapons and explosives)
		Phystine (Glowing pale red crystal, used for weapons and explosives)
		Exite (Glowing pale green crystal, used for weapons and explosives)
		Mroken (Glowing blue crystal, used for heaters)
		
		Elinar (Glowing white crystal, used for making potion powders)
		Ulsinan (Glowing purple crystal, richer version of elinar)
		Silartite (Dark opaque crystal with blue spots, used for enchantments)

		Distinite (Beatiful white and green crystal)
		Nalastite (Beautiful purple and blue crystal)
		Quastarine (Beautiful glowing purple crystal)
		Morigalt (Beautiful green and yellow crystal)
		Korin (Beautiful deep blue crystal)
		Illisinion (Beautiful brightly white crystal with traces of gold)

		Anglothite (Red, amber-like crystal, feels warm to the touch)
		Marnine (Beautiful green crystal, lets wearer heal faster, and can regenerate body limbs (usually takes a month to regenerate a whole limb))

	Metals:
		Fresenite (Hard white metal, used for structures)
		Armanite (Hard white metal, used for heavy armors)
		Fresarmanite (Fresenite-Armanite Alloy, used for spaceship hulls)
		Arsenium (Brown metal, used for wiring)
		Graltite (Gray metal, used for chips)



Weapons
	Energy Rifle:
		Type: Energy rifle
		Length: About 60 cm long
		Projectile: Bolt of energy, 300 m/s
		On impact: The bolts explode in a small shower of sparks, burning what ever it touches.
		Designs:
			KAG Energy Rifle 114 (KAGER 114, uses mrokek)
			Queendom's Rifle 3 (uses phystine)
			Reedian Energy Rifle 15 (RER 15, uses exite)

		Function: In the rifle, a fast, strong burst of electricity is released through a crystal core, creating high amounts of explosive energy. This burst of explosive energy is pushed through a thin tube out of the rifle, supercompressing it in the process. The supercompressed burst of energy that comes out of the rifle is the bolt of energy. In attempt to cool down the weapon from heating, the barrel is enclosed by a sealed tank of liquid nitrogen. Because of this, the metal of an energy rifle that hasn't been fired in a while will feel very cold.

	Concentrated Energy Rifle
		Type: Energy Rifle
		Length: About 100 cm long
		Projectile: Thin beam of energy, 300 m/s
		Designs:
			KAG Stream Rifle Prototype 4

		Function: In the rifle, a continuous electrical current passes through a crystal core, creating high amounts of explosive energy. The explosive energy is pushed through a thin tube, shooting out like a deadly water cannon.

	Energy Grenade:
		Type: Energy grenade
		Kill radius: 3 meters
		Blast radius: 7 meters

		Function: The grenade's shell is made of arsenium. After 5 seconds of the pin being pulled, the grenade surges the mrokek core with a ridiculous amount of electricity, making it release a lot of explosive energy. The explosive energy cannot escape anywhere, and burst open the grenade.

	High-Speed Repeater
		Type:                   Vehicle Turret
		Rate of Fire:           0.05 seconds
		Projectile:             Bolt of energy, 300 m/s
		Destruction Equivalent: A heavy machine gun
		Design:                 Designed to mow down crowds of enemies

	Anti-Spacefighter Repeater
		Type:                   Warship Turret
		Rate of Fire:           0.1 seconds
		Projectile:             Bolt of energy, 500 m/s
		Destruction Equivalent: A grenade
		Design:                 Designed to destroy spacefighters

	Spacefighter Cannon
		Type:                   Fixed Gun
		Rate of Fire:           0.2 seconds
		Projectile:             Bolt of energy, 300 m/s, 500 m/s when shot from spacefighter whilst flying
		Destruction Equivalent: A grenade
		Design:                 An all-purpose weapon

	Cannon
		Type:                   Warship/Vehicle (See below) Turret
		Rate of fire:           1 seconds
		Projectile:             Bolt of energy, 400 m/s
		Destruction Equivalent: A landmine
		Design:                 An all-purpose weapon

	All-Purpose Missile Turret
		Type:         Warship Turret
		Rate of Fire: 2 seconds
		Projectile:   Computed missiles
		Design:       Designed to destroy big, slow, and tanky ships. Can also be used to destroy missiles, and other projectiles. These turrets are controlled by AI, which is connected to all other turrets, so the ship will always fire the most optimal missiles required. They can also be controlled manually via the control room.

	Long-Range Laser Projector
		Type:         Warship Turret
		Rate of Fire: Continuous
		Projectile:   A beam of intensely concentrated light. The color of these weapons are always white, and does not use a crystal core.
		Design:       Designed to attack ships with shield generators

	Computed Missile
		Type:                   Crystal Missile
		Design:                 The missile follows a pre computed path, and explodes once it reaches the end of the path. The missile will also explode if the warhead physically hits anything.


	Crystal Warhead
		Type:     Warhead
		Function: The warhead is tipped with an unstable crystal. When this crystal is struck, it releases a high amount of explosive energy. The crystal on the tip of the warhead is actually connected to a larger piece in the middle of the missile, which is enclosed with a hard metal. Because the unstable crystal released a lot of energy, this energy is contained inside the missile. The missile cannot contain this much energy, so the missile explodes.

	Crystal Missile
		Type:                   Missile
		Radius:                 20 cm
		Length:                 2 meters
		Speed:                  1000 m/s
		Destruction Equivalent: 50 kilograms of tnt
		Function:               Uses a crystal warhead, propelled by a crystal rocket engine.

	Ground Turret:
		Type: Any Turret (High-speed, anti-spacefighter, and cannon turrets)



Ships:
	Battleship:
		Type:          Warship
		Dimensions:    (Length Width Height) 1000 x 250 x 250 meters
		Shape:         Hexagonal Prism
		Max Speed:     120 m/s
		Usual Weapons: 24 anti-spacefighter repeaters, 16 cannons, 8 missile launchers, 8 laser projectors
		Function:      Carry massive amounts of people (troops, civilians etc), beeg firepower
		Capacity:      100 spacefighters, 5 destroyers, 24,000 men, 10,000,000 kg of goods
		Crew required to operate:
			20 commanders/ship dashboard operators
			400 guards
			64 anti-spacefighter operators
			48 cannon operators
			40 janitors
			120 cooks
			50 repairmen
			20 cctv watchers

			Total: about 800 people

		Current Builds:
			Anor Vindaror 8 (Made by Anor Spacecraft Manufacturing, used by Kagalarian Empire)

	Destroyer:
		Type:          Warship
		Length:        100 meters
		Width:         30 m
		Max Speed:     120 m/s
		Usual Weapons: 16 anti-spacefighter repeaters, 8 cannons
		Function:      Basically space tanks
		Capacity:      5 spacefighters, 100,000 kg of goods
		Crew required to operate:
			4 commanders
			20 guards
			10 anti-spacefighter operators
			4 cannon operators
			4 janitors
			5 repairmen
			1 cctv watcher

			Total: about 50 people

	Spacefighter:
		Type:          Spacefighter
		Length:        12 meters
		Max Speed:     300 m/s
		Usual Weapons: 2 spacefighter cannons

	Carrier:
		Type:          Warship
		Length:        500 meters
		Width:         150 m
		Max Speed:     120 m/s
		Usual Weapons: 12 anti-spacefighter repeaters, 2 laser projectors
		Capacity:      200 spacefighters, 5,000,000 kg of goods
		Function:      Carry small spacecraft and transport goods
		Crew required to operate:
			4 commanders
			50 guards
			20 anti-spacefighter operators
			10 janitors
			10 repairmen
			4 cctv watcher

			Total: about 100 people

	Traveler:
		Type:          Spacecraft
		Dimensions:    (Length Width Height) 35 x 20 x 15 meters
		Max Speed:     120 m/s
		Usual Weapons: 4 high-speed repeaters
		Capacity:      40000 kg of goods
		Crew required to operate:
			3 commanders
			1 janitor
			2 cooks
			4 high-speed repeater operators



Ground vehicles:
	Armored Cannon Car:
		Type:                  Armored Car
		Size:                  12 x 18 meters
		Transportation Method: 4 wheels on both sides
		Weapons: 1 cannon
		Crew required to operate:
			1 cannon operator
			1 steering guy
			1 spotter (usually 4, kind of like sniper spotters but inside of tanks)

		Builds:
			Gærst Vakaj 132 (Made by Gærst Vehicle Construction Company)

	Armored Transportation Car:
		Type:                  Armored Car
		Size:                  5 x 8 meters
		Transportation Method: 2 wheels on both sides
		Weapons: 1 high-speed repeater
		Crew required to operate:
			1 high-speed repeater operator
			1 steering guy
			1 spotter (usually 4, kind of like sniper spotters but inside of tanks)

		Builds:
			Gaerst Akraeriy Raekar 132 (Made by Gaerst Vehicle Construction Company)



Robots and automatons:
	KAG Yeltol Khamojan Avtit Durst Rovegik (KagYkadr):
		Type: Super battle robot
		Weapons: 4 High-Speed Repeaters

		Appearance: The KagYkadr is a robot. It has a rectangular base with 3 wheels on each side like an armored car. There is a capsule in the middle of the base, with four guns, a gun built onto each side. The KagYkadr takes about 10 seconds to load up before it can run. There is also a small screen on the front of the robot, which is a debug log that shows the robot's state in loading, or whether the robot sees an enemy, whether it is damaged, etc. The robot can go at a maximum speed of 12 m/s.



Ship Modules:
	Spacecraft Essentials:
		Gravity Simulation Module:
			Function: Simulates gravity in a 5 cm x 3 m x 5 cm radius. Usually the floor of a ship is covered with these. These also reduce any g-force, allowing spacefighters to speed up or slow down at greater speeds without damaging it's occupants.

		Warship Gyroscopes:
			Function: Four gyroscopes that spin rapidly. These ensure the ship stays stable. If used with larger ships (battleships), there would be four gyroscopes on the very front and very back of the ship.

		Crystal Core Rocket Engines:
			Function: Most warships will have four engines to push forward, and eight engines on a 45 degree angle to turn around.
			Example (| and \ and / are engines):

				 |        |
				/\        /\ 
				 /\______/\

		Each Ship must have either one:
			SOLAR ENERGY POWERED:
				Megagiant Battery:
					Function: A large block of batteries, to store solar energy. Can be charged directly while docked.

				Superhard Panels:
					Function: Solar panels that are really hard to destroy, using hard glass similar to bulletproof glass.

			CRYSTAL CORE POWERED:
				Reactor:
					Function: A sphere of crystal, about 3 meters in radius. This core is zapped by electricity, which produces energy. This energy is somehow converted into electricity. The reactor then takes a portion of the electricity, and reuses it to zap itself, producing MORE energy. The cycle repeats.

	Optional Modules:
		Wormhole Transport Module:
			Uses a magical crystal to create wormholes. The wormhole The wormhole transports everything it enters into a specific location very fast. Between planets take 2 to 5 minutes, and between star systems take 2 to 5 hours. Once nothing has entered it for the past 3 seconds, it closes. It can move ships and other things that enter up to 500 AU/s, between planets 0.003 AU/s is usually used for precision reasons. The actual traveling speed in the wormhole is about 2000 m/s.
			
			It appears like a giant gray smoky ring, big enough to fit the ship that used it. Green lightning rapidly connects random points of the ring, creating flashes of green.

		Shield Generator Module:
			Generates a forcefield around a ship. The forcefield is like an inverted gravity field, that pushes stuff out, instead of in. It also only affects objects at a specific distance. The forcefield appears to distort light like flowing water. When struck, it creates a bright flash of white light, and stops the object from entering. A ship cannot land while it's shield is up, and everything is prevented from entering. The only thing that can enter is light, gas, radiation and heat. Lasers (not energy weapons!) can shoot through shields, although because it distorts light, the laser is not garanteed to hit. For some reason, the shield doesn't affect gases. If something is solid, liquid, or plasma, the shield can block it.

		Radar Module:
			Basic radar systems. Each ship usually has 6 points where radar waves are fired off, one on the top, bottom, front, back, left, and right side. This info is usually sent to the command deck. The radar can detect ships up to 100 kilometers away.

		Mirror Armor Module:
			Many mirrors are installed on the ship's hull. Laser weapons are almost useless against ships with this module installed, and are much harder to see during daytime or inside nebulae.

Armor Modules:
	Supercooling Module:
		Function: Uses liquid nitrogen (only a little) to cool down armor, hopefully to negate the damage of energy bolts. Also creates a cold aura around the armor, weakening energy bolts.

Misc:
	Cloning Machine:
		Type:     Cloning Machine
		Height:   3 meters
		Rate:     2 hours per clone
		Function: The cloning machine clones people by scanning their appearance, dna, and other traits. The machine then uses a magical crystal to create the bones, flesh, organs, blood and other things. To assign someone to clone, they step into the machine. The machine reads their body, and their properties, like IQ, strength, height, weight, immune system etc. It cannot read magic properties. Then the machine is ready to clone. To grow a clone, it will take half a day to create one. These machines to not require any resource to create a clone, other than electricity to power it.

	Energy Emitter:
		Size:     6 x 6 x 2 cm
		Function: To create a shield, you need four of these. Place them in a way so that all the faces of the four boxes are either parallel to each other. To activate them, you need to assign the four of them to a remote controller like bluetooth.

	Long-Range Radio:
		Type:     Radio
		Size:     20 x 6 x 4 cm
		Function: Uses a magical crystal to send signals, and another magical crystal to receive signals. Allows communication across galaxies, universes and worlds because yes. To talk to each other, you assign the radio to an id. There can never be two radios with the same ID. You connect to this ID on another radio with a password required. Then you can communicate. These radios are incompatible with normal radios.

Terms:
	APMT System (All-Purpose Missile Turret System)
	CCRE (Crystal Core Rocket Engine)



Design Philosophy:
	To make a spaceship, many things need to be considered to ensure the safety of it's crew members, staff, and other inhabitants. The hulls and inside structure is made of clean fresarmanite plating, and are painted black to camouflage with night time/space. Inside the hulls there is a sheet of lead 10 centimeters thick to make sure no space radiation enters. Between the lead and fresarmanite plating is a thin sheet of polyethylene to block out cosmic rays and radiation. There are also other things such as heat regulations, and for ships longer than 20 meters, an alarm and broadcasting system.

	Inside the spaceship, there are no openings to the computing system of the spaceship other than strategic spots. Each spot is a small room with a computer machine that lets entry to the computing system, but is locked behind a door by a DNA scanner. Only trusted human personnel, such as a commander or the ship captain have their DNAs authorized in the door to prevent manipulation of human clones.

	Computer programs and ship systems can only be manipulated at the command deck, which is also where the only place something can be injected into the ship. Even then the injection point is locked inside a metal covering where a commander is needed to access it.

	Crucial areas such as the command deck, engine rooms, or the reactor/generator room requires the same DNA scanning system. Also only human personnel, mostly commanders, ship captains, repairmen, and guards have access to these rooms.

	All military spacecraft have the Wormhole Transporter Module installed, and all military warships have the following modules installed: Shield Generator Module and Radar Module. Large military ships usually have a crystal core reactor that powers it's systems.
