How magic works:
	Each magic user has many magic cells in their body. When one learns magic, they gain a some magic cells, associated with the type of magic learned.

	When you first learn magic, the first week or two, you become weak. This is your immune system reacting to the magic cells, because your immune system thinks these new cells are dangerous. After the week, your immune system learns that these cells are actually beneficial, so they ignore it.

	Over years, your normal cells slowly gets replaced by magic cells. Because magic cells are magic, natural selection says magic cells are better and they multiply, taking over your body (you don't lose control over your body).
	The more these magic cells make your collective cell count, you get these benefits:
		Age slower (Live up to 500 years old at max benefit)
		Requires less sleep, can stay awake longer without going insane (you will still feel tired after a normal period of time)
		More resistant to cancer
		More resistant to sicknesses, diseases, poison, viruses, and other intruders
		Has more stamina

		Less likely to forget things

		Can think faster
		Can solve problems faster

		Better eyesight

		If the magic is an element, more resistant to it
			(example: fire mages are resistant to fire, jack-of-all-trades wizards are slightly resistant to every magic)

	ASPECTS:        Aspects are usually like a superpower, and enables users to do things related to them.
	MARTIAL SPELLS: Martial Spells are a collection of spells that share the same way to cast them. Martial Spells are more commonly known as schools of magic.

	You can have multiple aspects and spells, and you are ALWAYS resistant to your own magic. Once you gain an aspect, you become an aspected human. You are still a human, just an aspected one. Think of this as a really strong guy who works out every day.

Magics:
	Aspects:
		Fire (shoot fire from hands like a dragon, shoot a bolt of fire, emit fire from your hands)
		Lightning (shoot a continuous stream of lightning, shoot a bolt of lightning, shock people by touching them, battery (you can turn a light on by touching and using it))
		Ice (shoot ice like a dragon, freeze an amount of water)
		Life (heal living things, make plants grow faster, make plants wither and shrivel, can resurrect if powerful enough)
		Lava (shoot bolts of lava, create lava with hands)
		Dirt (shoot dirt, make walls of dirt)
		Sand (shoot sand, make walls of sand)
		Force (shoot gusts of wind, sonic booms, create shockwaves)
		Purplex (shoot bolts of purple energy, shoot dense bolts of purple energy which explodes like an rpg)
		Light (shoot beams of burning light, create a bright flash with hands)

		Propellus (jump extremely high, jump towards places, cannot be damaged by any type of force until landed)

		Summoning (summon small elementals from piles of dirt, sand, gravel, flour, powder, dust, mud, any liquid, or a mix of any of the listed)

		Telekinesis (move objects around, fling objects and people, shape grains (dirt, sand, powder etc.) and liquid, can only lift one object per hand (unless it is grains or liquid), weight limit determined by how skilled the user is)
			Starter: 5 kg
			Average: 30 kg
			Strong: 200 kg
			Powerful: 5000 kg

		Flight (literally what it sounds like, no need for a special pose or gesture to use, the user and everything he is carrying is unharmed by the fast speed so their clothing does not get torn off, max speed determined by how skilled the user is)
			Starter: average = 5 m/s, absolute concentration = 15 m/s
			Average: average = 20 m/s, absolute concentration = 60 m/s
			Strong: average = 80 m/s, absolute concentraton = 250 m/s
			Powerful: average = 150 m/s, absolute concentration = 450 m/s

		Magic Detection (detect any kind of magic, results can give:)
			Evocation/Elemental
			Abjuration
			Conjuration
			Transmutaion
			Necromancy
			Divine
			Unknown (obviously for magics not listed above)

	Martial Spells:
		Runic:
			Description:

			A rune refers to a magical symbol of cosmic origin. It appears to be a glyph, which faintly glows purple.

			This magic is cast by thinking the spell you want to cast. You make a fist with any hand, think the spell you want to cast, then open your hands. There will be a magic circle on your palm. To actually use it, you "throw" the spell at a target, unless the spell says otherwise. You can also press your palm on a surface. Thinking of a spell usually means thinking of a short sequence of ancient and mystic words.

			If the spell is required to be held on an object like Runic Enchant or Summon Golem, the duration that must be held depends on it's size, which is also split equally for each person enchanting the same object with the same aspect/spell. The casting time is 2 minutes for smaller than 1x1x1 meters, 10 minutes for 2x2x2 meter, 20 minutes for 4x4x4 meters, 40 minutes for anything larger than 8x8x8 meters.

			If the spell is placed instead of a direct effect like an attack, then by hitting the placed rune on a surface or striking it, the rune is destroyed.

			Runic Pain:
				Shoot a bolt of purple and blue. This spell causes a wound and some pain on what it hit.
			
			Runic Explode:
				Shoot a very fast bolt of purple and blue. This spell creates a purple and blue explosion.
			
			Runic Enchant:
				By letting a stream of purple energy flow from your hand to an object, it enchants the target with an aspect/spell, which can be activated by a user of that aspect/spell. The spell must be held on the target, and you cannot enchant something larger than 4x4x4 meters.
			
			Runic Push:
				Pushes an object away.
			
			Runic Find:
				Shoot a rune which will slowly find it's way to an item you have seen. It doesn't work if it is impossible (no path, no such item).
			
			Runic Aspect:
				Mimic an aspect. Instead of a projectile, the effect is on your hand. You can have it last to a minute or below. This mimicry cannot be something like shooting beams or bolts of the aspect.
			
			Runic Raise:
				Raises a body, turning it into a temporary zombie.
			
			Summon Golem:
				By letting a stream of purple energy flow from your hand to the limb, or part of a golem, you link it together. The spell must be held. For every meter the golem is in height (or length, pick the longest one), the summoning will take 20 minutes, split evenly by the amout of people holding a spell on this. The golem's limbs will slowly connect together over this duration, and once it connects, the golem is activated. The golem will then obey your command. If it is attacked, it will automatically defend itself.

				Instructions on how to prepare a humanoid golem can be found below.
			
			Link Rune:
				You press a rune in place where the limbs will connect. This spell is essential for golem creation.

Enchantment:
	In order to enchant an object (infuse magic), you must rub an enchanting crystal (silartite for example) on at least 80% of it's area. Then you use Runic Enchant, and then you use an aspect/spell on your other hand. When the spell is complete, the thing is enchanted.

Golem creation:
	To create a humanoid golem, put long objects in place shown below:
		O
	  O O O
	  O O O
	   O O
	   O O

	Each "O" represents the long object. Connect the pieces together with the spell "Link Golem Rune". Once it has been done, the golem is ready for activation.