[[POWER ARMOR]]
A suit of power armor resembles an armored and less clunkier astronaut suit.

The armor part of the power armor is made of stainless-steel. The visor of this power armor consists of two layers. The outer layer made of tempered glass, tinted to prevent bright sunlight. The inner layer is made of laminated glass, just in case the outer layer shatters. The power armor can be turned on and off at any time.

The power armor opens on the front once it's shut off, and closes when it is turned on, allowing the wearer to step in and out at any time. Once it's shut and activated, it is completely airtight and bio-sealed, except when the visor is opened.

The inside of the power armor has a ventilation system, and a backup oxygen tank that can sustain 8 minutes of breath.



[[MILITARY GRADE POWER ARMOR]]
A suit of military grade power armor is a variant of power armor designed to protect the wearer from war and explosions. It is much more durable than normal power armor. It can carry at most two of each module type. It can carry at most 10 modules. In the middle upper chest, there is a nameplate of the owner's title and name.

Default modules in this power armor contains:
	Power:         Portable Crystal Reactor
	Defensive:     Wrist-Mounted Crystal Core Guns, Blast Protection Module
	Scanning:      Nightvision Camera
	Movement:      Striding Exoskeletons
	Environmental: Heat Regulation System
	Communication: Handheld Radio, Speaker and Microphone



[[EXPLORATION POWER ARMOR]]
A suit of exploration power armor is a variant of power armor designed to protect the wearer from all sorts of environmental hazards and monstrous threats. It can carry at most 12 modules. It is lined with a thin 0.5 cm layer of lead to protect the wearer from radiation.

Default modules in this power armor contains:
	Power:         Portable Crystal Reactor
	Defensive:     Wrist-Mounted Crystal Core Guns
	Scanning:      Spotlight (on helmet), Nightvision Camera, Material Scanner (on hand)
	Movement:      Striding Exoskeletons, Hand-Based Burst Thrusters
	Environmental: Heat Regulation System
	Communication: Handheld Radio, Speaker and Microphone



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



[[POWER ARMOR MODULES]]



Advanced Point Laser Defense
	A point laser defense point is a small automated laser turret built onto the armor. These lasers can reach up to 10 meters, and they use a mix of a color-based and heat-based targeting system. Because of this, if the targeting system is set to "red", it may attack any warm-bloded creature or warm object that is colored a certain amount of red.



Blast Protection Shields
	Blast protection shields is a forcefield that forms on the surface of the power armor. It provides protection from all forms of physical and energy attacks.

	The shielding can take a 20 AK-47 shots, 20 plasma blasts, or 10 high-speed repeater plasma blasts before it runs out of energy.



Jumping Thrusters
	The jumping burst thrusters are an extremely weak version of a warship engine, capable of only releasing a quick burst of energy before heating up. When activated, these jump thrusters can be used to propel the user about 10 meters up in the air.



Hand-Based Burst Thrusters
	The hand-based burst thrusters are an extremely weak version of a warship engine, capable of only releasing a quick burst of energy before heating up. When activated, these hand-based burst thrusters can be used to propel the user a meter in any direction.



Heat Regulation System
	The heat regulation system is self explanatory; it allows the user to change the temperature in their armor. This module is effective only in the -250 C to 50 C.



Landing Protection Thrusters
	The landing protection thrusters can detect whether the user is moving too fast (more than 15 m/s) in the direction it is facing. If it detects the user is moving too fast, it automatically activates which will slow the user down.



Material Scanner
	The material scanner is a scanning device that can be mounted anywhere. It takes a few secodns to scan, which will then send it's data to a small screen. When the scan is complete, a list of the top 5 elements found in the scan are returned, including their composition percentage, periodic symbol, state of matter, and percentage of neutrons, protons, and electrons.



Nightvision and Heatvision Camera
	The nightvision and heatvision cameras streamline data to a small screen inside the helmet.



Point Laser Defense
	A point laser defense point is a small automated laser turret built onto the armor. These lasers can reach up to 10 meters, and they use a color-based targeting system. Because of this, if the targeting system is set to "red", it may attack anyone that is wearing a certain amount of red. However, it may mistake a red flag, or a red flower pot for an enemy and attack it instead.



Rangesight Camera
	The rangesight camera is a camera that is designed to zoom a far away. Standing at 1 kilometer away, you should be able to see an apple on a table just clear enough to make out what it is.	



Speaker and Microphone
	The speaker and microphone allows clear communication outside the power armor.



Striding Exoskeletons
	This module are built on the back of the legs, which amplify the speed the user can run from 7 m/s to 12 m/s.



Wrist-Mounted Crystal Core Guns
	The wrist-mounted crystal core guns can fire a burst of three at a time, which each projectile is a thin bright blue bolt of supercompressed plasma.
