[[DESCRIPTION]]
Doryamut (Дорйамут) is a large commercial, militaristic, and political city. It is somewhere at the center of the continent Kregsorin, and has an area of 80,000 hectares in size. Tall buildings and skyscrapers dominate the city.

It isn't uncommon to see military warships looming overhead patrolling the city, given its militaristic and political traits. Some commercial spacecraft also fly above land traffic, while they play pre-recorded advertising voicelines. When night falls, these warships that loom overhead darken, leaving their silhouette and navigation lights as the only indication that they're there.

At the ground, roads are built on the ground for cars, MRTs transport people on railroads over the roads, etc.

During the winter, it can get as cold as -30 degrees Celsius. It gets so cold that snow falls onto the ground, making the city seem ethereal and unlike others. But because of the heat generated by plasma-based machinery, the road and rails are free of any snow. Still, this doesn't change that snow still falls onto sidewalks, roofs, parks, and other non-roads/non-rails.



[[BATTLESHIP CONSTRUCTION]]
A battleship construction space station can be seen hovering thousands of kilometers above the city, with about five battleships parked at the station, and one in construction.



[[MAIN MILITARY BASE]]
The Kagalarian main base is built on a hill, surrounded by snowy coniferous forests. The entrance built on it's side, and it reaches down into the earth. There are 6 floors in the main Kagalarian base, each floor being about 10 meters in height, and 400 meters in width and length. On the hill, there are 4 APMT systems, and 8 anti-spacefighter repeaters. The entrance has a large 10x30 meter gate, and to it's right there is a smaller door.

There is a runway connecting the gate to a nearby air and spacecraft field. The spacecraft field has a few carriers, destroyers, and many spacefighters.

The ground level is a vehicle storage with many vehicles such as cars, armored cars, tanks, etc.

This military base is about 20 kilometers north of Doryamut.